Changes default buoyancy model and tracers for nonhydrostatic model (#1989)
CliMA/Oceananigans.jl: docs/src/model_setup/buoyancy_and_equation_of_state.md

The buoyancy option selects how buoyancy is treated. There are currently three options:

1. No buoyancy (and no gravity). This is the default setting.
2. Evolve buoyancy as a tracer.
3. _Seawater buoyancy_: evolve temperature ``T`` and salinity ``S`` as tracers with a value for the gravitational
   acceleration ``g`` and an equation of state of your choosing.

## No buoyancy

> To turn off buoyancy (and gravity) you can simply create a model without explocitly passing the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To turn off buoyancy (and gravity) you can simply create a model without explicitly passing the
```

Reviewer: I can commit all suggestions if you agree with them

Author: Thanks, I'd rather try to figure out what's going on first though. It's super weird, I just refreshed the page and the commit button appeared for some of your suggestions, but not other. So maybe github is having issues?

Reviewer: Refresh again perhaps!!

Author: I've been doing that. Also reading up on it. I think github is just facing a but of instability. I'll comment on the suggestions that I agree with and then if you can commit those if you'd like. Otherwise I'll try it again tomorrow morning. Thank you in advance :)

I definitely agree with this suggestion!

> `buoyancy` flag:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`buoyancy` flag since, by default, `buoyancy = nothing`.
```

Is this the default for *all* models or only for the `NonhydrostaticModel`?

Author: Just for `NonhydrostaticModel`. But that whole section is (I believe at least) focused on `NonhydrostaticModel`, no? I shuld say, I have no idea how buoyancy is treated or how the options are for the other models since I've never used them. So if this discussion needs to include other models (which even before this PR it doesn't) then I might need to assistance writing this part.

Reviewer: The section implies that this is the default for all. But,
https://github.com/CliMA/Oceananigans.jl/blob/a1cd98817ba84233dd3a146813e3574ebc01ac9f/src/Models/HydrostaticFreeSurfaceModels/hydrostatic_free_surface_model.jl#L87-L104

Reviewer: We need to remedy this.

Makes me wonder if we should have just left the defaults as they were. All this work just to change the defaults is it really worth it? (This is a rhetorical question.)

Reviewer: Probably we need to change the defaults for `HydrostaticFreeSurfaceModel`.

@glwagner?

Author: I don't think it's a problem to have to have the defaults be different for different models. We just need to make that explicit in this part of the docs. I think the best thing regardless of this choice is to have at least some part of the `model_setup` docs to be model-specific, which isn't the case at the moment.

Reviewer: Sure. I agree, there is no problem for different defaults but the docs shouldn't imply otherwise.

Reviewer 2: `Model Setup > Overview` describes all three models: https://clima.github.io/OceananigansDocumentation/stable/model_setup/overview/

There are only a few properties that are specific to one model or the other, because we've written the code so that both models use the same types for physics specification. The hydrostatic model has a `free_surface` property that isn't currently documented, and the hydrostatic model allows different schemes for `momentum_advection` and `tracer_advection` (though it looks like there's no section for advection in model setup right now anyways). @tomchor are you suggesting that some part of the model setup section needs to be model-specific in particular?

I agree its ok if the defaults are different, though I'm worried that this is surprising. This is of course why we used T, S as default tracers for the nonhydrostatic model (because eventually we anticipated that Oceananigans would be used primarily for large scale ocean modeling). Let's think about this a bit...

Author: I don't think it would be surprising to users that the default is different if it's well-documented. The issue is that it wasn't clear for me that this section of the docs (`model_setup/buoyancy`) was supposed to be for all models. In the previous version no other model was even mentioned in that section, which made me assume that section was specific to nonhydrostatic models. 

I still believe `nothing` is a better default for the hydrostatic model though (saves memory, more conservative https://github.com/CliMA/Oceananigans.jl/issues/1984; although I might be biased since I've invested several hours into this PR already), so I'll modify it to include at least mention of all models. Let's see how that looks before merging.

Reviewer 2: The main issue is that hydrostatic simulations with no stratification / active tracers are quite rare so `nothing` as a default isn't really a convenience. Currently most models use `BuoyancyTracer`. But that might not be a good default, either. I'm ok with either `nothing`, or no default.

Author: Ah, damn, sorry, it was a typo that I fixed. I meant to say that I believe `nothing` is a better default for `NonhydrostaticModel`. But I agree that _hydrostatic_ simulations without any buoyancy treatment is indeed very uncommon. I think all tests pass now, and I've re-written the buoyancy part of model set-up in a way that (I think) is much more comprehensive. This PR doesn't change anything for `HydrostaticModel`.

```jldoctest buoyancy
julia> grid = RectilinearGrid(size=(64, 64, 64), extent=(1, 1, 1));

> julia> model = NonhydrostaticModel(grid=grid, buoyancy=nothing, tracers=(:T, :S))

Reviewer: This docs section has to be rewritten to reflect that now "no buoyancy" is the default.

```jldoctest buoyancy
julia> grid = RectilinearGrid(size=(64, 64, 64), extent=(1, 1, 1));

julia> model = NonhydrostaticModel(grid=grid)
NonhydrostaticModel{CPU, Float64}(time = 0 seconds, iteration = 0)
├── grid: RectilinearGrid{Float64, Periodic, Periodic, Bounded}(Nx=64, Ny=64, Nz=64)
├── tracers: ()
├── closure: Nothing
├── buoyancy: Nothing
└── coriolis: Nothing
```

> Otherwise, if you want to be explicit, you can simply pass `buoyancy = nothing` to the model constructor.

Author: ```suggestion
Alternatively, if you want to be explicit, you can simply pass `buoyancy = nothing` to the model constructor.
```

```jldoctest buoyancy

> julia> grid = RectilinearGrid(size=(64, 64, 64), extent=(1, 1, 1));

Reviewer: why did you have to add the grid here? how come the test was passing before?

Author: I guess I didn't have to. It just makes this little snippet more self-contained. It passes withouot it because grid is defined in the previous snippet. I can remove it if you prefer.

└── coriolis: Nothing
```

> By default `NonhydrostaticModel` also evolves no tracers. If you want to evolve passive tracers you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default `NonhydrostaticModel` also does not evolve any tracers. If you want to evolve passive tracers you
```

Author: Agreed!

└── coriolis: Nothing
```

In order to create a `HydrostaticFreeSurfaceModel` without any buoyancy treatment we need to pass
explicitly pass the `buoyancy=nothing` flag. Note that by default `HydrostaticFreeSurfaceModel`
advects temperature `T` and salinity `S` (which aren't necessary without a buoyancy treatment), so
it is often recommended to explicitly specify the tracers in this case as well:

```jldoctest buoyancy
julia> model = HydrostaticFreeSurfaceModel(grid=grid, buoyancy=nothing, tracers=())
┌ Warning: HydrostaticFreeSurfaceModel is experimental. Use with caution!

> └ @ Oceananigans.Models.HydrostaticFreeSurfaceModels ~/builds/tartarus-3/clima/oceananigans/src/Models/HydrostaticFreeSurfaceModels/hydrostatic_free_surface_model.jl:106

Reviewer: This can't be part of a doctest. It won't work. It's machine specific. Also, sometimes it'll be `~/builds/tartarus-3/clima/...` or `~/builds/tartarus-2/clima/...` etc.

The proper solution involves Doctest filtering, see
https://juliadocs.github.io/Documenter.jl/stable/man/doctests/#Filtering-Doctests

Reviewer: Actually, I just noticed that the docs build is failing exactly because of this.

Author: Done. Thanks again for opening #2080

HydrostaticFreeSurfaceModel{CPU, Float64}(time = 0 seconds, iteration = 0) 
├── grid: RectilinearGrid{Float64, Periodic, Periodic, Bounded}(Nx=64, Ny=64, Nz=64)
├── tracers: ()
├── closure: Nothing
├── buoyancy: Nothing
└── coriolis: Nothing
```

## Buoyancy as a tracer

In order to directly evolve buoyancy as a tracer, simply pass `buoyancy = BuoyancyTracer()` to the
model constructor. Keep in mind that this treatment of buoyancy requires that `:b` be included as a
tracer, so it needs to be explicitly specified. For example, for a `NonhydrostaticModel`:

```jldoctest buoyancy

> julia> model = NonhydrostaticModel(grid=grid, buoyancy=BuoyancyTracer(), tracers=(:b))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
julia> model = NonhydrostaticModel(grid=grid, buoyancy=BuoyancyTracer(), tracers=:b)
```

└── coriolis: Nothing
```

We follow the same pattern to create a `HydrostaticFreeSurfaceModel` with buoyancy as a tracer:

```jldoctest buoyancy; filter = [r".*┌ Warning.*", r".*└ @ Oceananigans.*"]

> julia> model = HydrostaticFreeSurfaceModel(grid=grid, buoyancy=BuoyancyTracer(), tracers=(:b))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
julia> model = HydrostaticFreeSurfaceModel(grid=grid, buoyancy=BuoyancyTracer(), tracers=:b)
```

julia> eos = TEOS10EquationOfState()
SeawaterPolynomials.BoussinesqEquationOfState{TEOS10SeawaterPolynomial{Float64}, Int64}(TEOS10SeawaterPolynomial{Float64}(), 1020)
```

## Gravity alignment

If you want to simulate a set-up such that gravity doesn't align with the vertical (`z`) coordinate
(for example when simulating a tilted domain) you can wrap your option for buoyancy treatment in the
`Buoyancy()` function call, which allows for the option `vertical_unit_vector`. This works for both

> `BuoyancyTracer()` and `SeawaterBuoyancy()`. As example, using buoyancy as a tracer in a set-up in
> which gravity is tilted 45 degrees about the `x` axis can be done as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`BuoyancyTracer()` and `SeawaterBuoyancy()`. For example, a set-up in using buoyancy as a tracer
and in which gravity is tilted 45 degrees about the `x` axis can be done as
```

Author: Agreed!

julia> eos = TEOS10EquationOfState()
SeawaterPolynomials.BoussinesqEquationOfState{TEOS10SeawaterPolynomial{Float64}, Int64}(TEOS10SeawaterPolynomial{Float64}(), 1020)
```

## Gravity alignment

If you want to simulate a set-up such that gravity doesn't align with the vertical (`z`) coordinate
(for example when simulating a tilted domain) you can wrap your option for buoyancy treatment in the
`Buoyancy()` function call, which allows for the option `vertical_unit_vector`. This is only
available for `NonhydrostaticModel`s, and it works for both `BuoyancyTracer()` and
`SeawaterBuoyancy()`. For example, a set-up in using buoyancy as a tracer and in which gravity is
tilted 45 degrees about the `x` axis can be done as

```jldoctest buoyancy
julia> θ = 45; # degrees

julia> g̃ = (0, sind(θ), cosd(θ));

julia> model = NonhydrostaticModel(grid=grid, 
                                   buoyancy=Buoyancy(model=BuoyancyTracer(), vertical_unit_vector=g̃), 

>                                    tracers=(:b))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
                                   tracers=:b)
```
